# Personal Budget Tracker
There are numerous versions of budget trackers out there that are very interactive and show more information. Personally, I wanted something quite simple that would help me keep track of my finances and show me where my money is going. So, with that thought in mind, I decided to record all my earnings, expenses, and savings for an entire year in order to build this budget tracker for myself.
This tracker includes a dashboard sheet and a data sheet. In the dashboard sheet you'll find 2 sections. The first one is the monthly breakdown section, where you can see the earnings, savings and expenses divided into categories for the month selected. The other section is the yearly breakdown section where it shows the amounts for each category throughout the whole year, as well as a brief statistical summary of the expenses and total sum for earnings, expenses, and savings.
In the second sheet, you will find the data gathered throughout the year. The data entry table is divided in the date of the transaction, the month, the category, the description and the amount of the transaction.
As I mentioned, this tracker is quite simple and was done that way to avoid making it too complex to use and loaded with more information than the one needed, since at the end this is meant to be for personal purposes and not business purposes. Although it can me modified to be used for business purposes.
### Note
The amounts displayed in the project were modified due to privacy reasons.
